2013 11_Meeting

Michal Čihař edited this page Apr 18, 2016 · 4 revisions
Clone this wiki locally

IRC meeting for November 2013, there is also 2013-11 Meeting IRC Log.

DCO and Signed-Off-By when committing

Agenda

A transition to 'GPLv2 and later' is planned. To smooth the process, it could be useful, to start annotating new commits as already being GPLv2+. We could use the system used by the kernel developers, implementing a Developer Certificate Of Origin (DCO, see fe. kernel DCO) that mentions that a commit is released under GPLv2+ and adding Signed-Off-By to the commit to acknowledge this.

--Ruleant 23:26, 10 October 2013 (CEST)

Meeting

  • We'll ask the Conservancy to prepare a DCO; Dieter is willing to help them
  • When it's ready, we'll add a CONTRIBUTING file at the root directory, so that Github can show it to contributors (see https://github.com/blog/1184-contributing-guidelines)
  • At some point, all contributors will need to add Signed-Off-By to their commits

preparing for GSoC 2014

Agenda

In preparation for GSoC 2014, we would need some ideas on the GSoC 2014 Ideas List.

--Ruleant 20:17, 9 October 2013 (CEST)

Meeting

  • We mention the importance of a strong ideas list to be chosen as an org
  • For 2014 we will aim for five students so let's try to have at least eight ideas
  • A good place to start is to go through the RFE list, but we could do a collective brainstorming session
  • The list should be ready by Feb 14 (see http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/events/google/gsoc2014) but let's be proactive

Trademarks

Agenda

On trademarks and the prices - we have currently applied for the US one and here is what else we can do:

Yes, the registration cost quoted above is just for the US - and just for the literal word "phpMyAdmin." Registering the boat logo would require a separate application at the same price.

Applications outside of the US is more expensive (i.e., thousands of dollars, not hundreds) - especially as you increase the number of countries. You can file a single application for the European Union for a fee of ~ $1960 USD, for example (depending on the conversion rate). Or, you can go a la carte, and select a few countries where you know pMA is extremely popular or where you're concerned about misappropriation. If you'd like, I can get you a list of per-country prices. But, be forewarned: the per country pricing adds up quickly. Filing an application for a single class in the UK, France, and Germany costs ~$1234 USD.

If there is a specific set of countries where you know pMA is extremely popular, or where you're particularly concerned about misappropriation of the mark, I can get you a quote.

Meeting

  • We will apply for a trademark only in the US, and only for the phpMyAdmin name, not the logo

--Nijel 16:11, 5 November 2013 (CET)

Domain names

Agenda

Do we want to fight for phpmyadmin.{com,org} domains?

Owners of registered trademarks have a significant advantage over domain squatters under the ICANN's Uniform Domain-Name Dispute Resolution Policy (UDRP). The fees for filing a UDRP complaint can vary depending on the number of domain names in dispute. For 1-2 domain names, the fees for filing a UDRP complaint starts at $1300. Of course, any pre-complaint negotiations would only cost Conservancy staff time.

--Nijel 16:11, 5 November 2013 (CET)

Meeting

  • We will ask the Conservancy to negotiate for phpmyadmin.{com,org} and to file a UDRP complaint

Server status

Agenda

Server migration status:

  • I'm waiting for rack rails to arrive for my new server, then I can migrate my stuff to it and reinstall server for phpMyAdmin.
  • phpMyAdmin server will need new hard drive(s), I've put there temporarily disks from new server to prevent complete failure.
  • I suggest to have RAID 1 setup, so buy 2 hard drives.
  • 2x WD RE4 - 500GB is ~140 EUR
  • 2x WD RE4 - 1TB is ~200 EUR
  • 500GB is enough for us, though 1TB is not much more expensive.
  • Any suggestions on hostname? :-)

--Nijel 16:11, 5 November 2013 (CET)

Meeting

  • The team accepts to buy 2x WD RE4 - 500GB which seems enough storage for our needs
  • Dieter will report the decision to the Conservancy

MissionFish

Agenda

Do we want to use MissionFish? Here are some thoughts from Conservancy:

It's really a question, I think, of whether or not your userbase uses eBay a lot. If they do, then it might be good to add this and encourage your users to give back from their ebay auctions.

I think Missionfish works best for much larger charities with brands that have already penetrated the psyche of the public at large. Random eBay auctioneers will donate a percentage of their sales to the American Red Cross, Komen for the Cure, etc., without any direct pleas from those organizations to use eBay/MissionFish, just because eBay presents it as an option. FLOSS orgs and projects don't carry the same brand equity, naturally, so it takes more effort for us to educate users about the MissionFish - and we're far less likely to get unsolicited donations from people outside of our respective user communities. So, while it's fine to register for an account and post a blurb on the pMA website about it, I would advise against sinking any more marketing resources into this particular fundraising channel than that.

--Nijel 16:17, 5 November 2013 (CET)

Meeting

  • We will not direct users to MissionFish

Roadmap to 4.1

Agenda

  • Slowdown in bug fixing
  • Show stoppers for 4.1.0-rc1 ?

--Lem9 18:30, 11 November 2013 (CET)

Meeting

  • Rouslan offers to fix #4117
  • Error reporting needs some polishing before -rc1
  • We'll assess the severity of bugs tickets and report our findings to phpmyadmin-devel on Nov 20 or before
  • Based on this evaluation we'll decide on a date for -rc1
  • We'll hold a bug fixing contest (probably in February) (for non-showstopper bugs)
    • Marc will talk to Packt Publishing about having prizes, for example five ebooks

Category:Meetings